Update release notes with OptaWebs migration to Quarkus (#336)
kiegroup/optaplanner-website: download/releaseNotes/releaseNotes8.adoc

link:https://docs.optaplanner.org/latestFinal/optaplanner-docs/html_single/index.html#constraintStreamsTestingSpringBoot[autowire the Constraint Verifier in Spring Boot], allowing
you to link:https://docs.optaplanner.org/latestFinal/optaplanner-docs/html_single/index.html#constraintStreamsTesting[test your constraint streams] more easily.

=== OptaWebs on Quarkus

> OptaWeb Vehicle Routing and OptaWeb Employee Rostering were migrated from Spring Boot to Quarkus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OptaWeb Vehicle Routing and OptaWeb Employee Rostering have migrated from Spring Boot to Quarkus.
```

Other noteworthy changes done during the migration to Quarkus:

* OptaWeb Vehicle Routing back end has a new RESTful API.
  Client-server communication, that was previously done using WebSockets, now uses a combination of REST calls and Server-Sent Events.

> * OptaWeb Employee Rostering now uses Constraint Streams instead of DRL for score calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* OptaWeb Employee Rostering now uses ConstraintStreams instead of DRL for score calculation.
```

* OptaWeb Vehicle Routing back end has a new RESTful API.
  Client-server communication, that was previously done using WebSockets, now uses a combination of REST calls and Server-Sent Events.

> * OptaWeb Employee Rostering now uses ConstraintStreams instead of DRL for score calculation.

Reviewer 2: Really? I've never once written it like this. This is not how humans write names.
It's `ConstraintStreams` as much as it's `OptaWebVehicleRouting`.

Author: @triceo I think the same but if you grep the source code in `optaplanner` repo, you'll see that `ConstraintStreams` occurs quite often. This should be unified when you and @ge0ffrey reach an agreement.

For now, I'll stick with `Constraint Streams` as this is almost consistently used here in `optaplanner-website`.

Reviewer 2: In code, I kinda understand it, even though I would still prefer to only use "ConstraintStreams" if were actually referencing a class name somewhere.

In public-facing docs, I do not see any justification for "ConstraintStreams" whatsoever.
